.TH "include/ccn/aeskeystoreasn1.h" 3 "9 Oct 2013" "Version 0.8.1" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
include/ccn/aeskeystoreasn1.h \- 
.PP
ASN.1 support routines for dealing with AES (symmetric) keystore.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBAESKeystore_info_st\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBAESKeystore_info_st\fP \fBAESKeystore_info\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBi2d_AESKeystore_fp\fP (FILE *fp, \fBAESKeystore_info\fP *aki)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAESKeystore_info\fP * \fBd2i_AESKeystore_fp\fP (FILE *fp, \fBAESKeystore_info\fP *aki)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
ASN.1 support routines for dealing with AES (symmetric) keystore. 

Copyright (C) 2013 Palo Alto Research Center, Inc.
.PP
This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License version 2.1 as published by the Free Software Foundation. This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBaeskeystoreasn1.h\fP.
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef struct \fBAESKeystore_info_st\fP  \fBAESKeystore_info\fP"
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBAESKeystore_info\fP* d2i_AESKeystore_fp (FILE * fp, \fBAESKeystore_info\fP * aki)"
.PP
Referenced by ccn_aes_keystore_init().
.SS "int i2d_AESKeystore_fp (FILE * fp, \fBAESKeystore_info\fP * aki)"
.PP
Referenced by ccn_aes_keystore_file_init().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
