.TH "lib/ccn_keystore.c" 3 "9 Oct 2013" "Version 0.8.1" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lib/ccn_keystore.c \- 
.PP
Support for keystore access.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static ssize_t \fBccn_pkcs12_public_key_digest_length\fP (struct ccn_keystore *p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const unsigned char * \fBccn_pkcs12_public_key_digest\fP (struct ccn_keystore *p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static struct ccn_pkey * \fBccn_pkcs12_private_key\fP (struct ccn_keystore *p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const char * \fBccn_pkcs12_digest_algorithm\fP (struct ccn_keystore *p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBccn_pkcs12_keystore_destroy\fP (struct ccn_keystore **p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct ccn_keystore * \fBccn_keystore_create\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBccn_keystore_destroy\fP (struct ccn_keystore **p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBccn_keystore_init\fP (struct ccn_keystore *p, char *filename, char *password)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct ccn_pkey * \fBccn_keystore_key\fP (struct ccn_keystore *p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct ccn_pkey * \fBccn_keystore_public_key\fP (struct ccn_keystore *p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBccn_keystore_digest_algorithm\fP (struct ccn_keystore *p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ssize_t \fBccn_keystore_key_digest_length\fP (struct ccn_keystore *p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const unsigned char * \fBccn_keystore_key_digest\fP (struct ccn_keystore *p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct ccn_certificate * \fBccn_keystore_certificate\fP (struct ccn_keystore *p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static int \fBadd_cert_extension_with_context\fP (X509 *cert, int nid, char *value)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static int \fBadd_cert_extension\fP (X509 *cert, int nid, char *value)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBccn_keystore_file_init\fP (char *filename, char *password, char *subject, int keylength, int validity_days)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a PKCS12 keystore file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct ccn_pkey * \fBccn_keystore_private_key\fP (struct ccn_keystore *p)"
.br
.RI "\fIDeprecated in favor of ccn_keystore_key. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "ssize_t \fBccn_keystore_public_key_digest_length\fP (struct ccn_keystore *p)"
.br
.RI "\fIDeprecated in favor of ccn_keystore_digest_length. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const unsigned char * \fBccn_keystore_public_key_digest\fP (struct ccn_keystore *p)"
.br
.RI "\fIDeprecated in favor of ccn_keystore_key_digest. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Support for keystore access. 

Part of the CCNx C Library.
.PP
Copyright (C) 2009, 2013 Palo Alto Research Center, Inc.
.PP
This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License version 2.1 as published by the Free Software Foundation. This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBccn_keystore.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static int add_cert_extension (X509 * cert, int nid, char * value)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 227 of file ccn_keystore.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_keystore_file_init().
.SS "static int add_cert_extension_with_context (X509 * cert, int nid, char * value)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 211 of file ccn_keystore.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_keystore_file_init().
.SS "struct ccn_certificate* ccn_keystore_certificate (struct ccn_keystore * p)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 202 of file ccn_keystore.c.
.SS "struct ccn_keystore* ccn_keystore_create (void)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 88 of file ccn_keystore.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_load_signing_key(), and main().
.SS "void ccn_keystore_destroy (struct ccn_keystore ** p)"
.PP
Definition at line 100 of file ccn_keystore.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_load_signing_key(), ccn_locate_key(), and finalize_keystore().
.SS "const char* ccn_keystore_digest_algorithm (struct ccn_keystore * p)"
.PP
Definition at line 180 of file ccn_keystore.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_sign_content(), and main().
.SS "int ccn_keystore_file_init (char * filename, char * password, char * subject, int keylength, int validity_days)"
.PP
Create a PKCS12 keystore file. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfilename\fP the name of the keystore file to be created. 
.br
\fIpassword\fP the import/export password for the keystore. 
.br
\fIsubject\fP the subject (and issuer) name in the certificate. 
.br
\fIkeylength\fP the number of bits in the RSA key to be generated. A value <= 0 will result in the default (1024) being used. 
.br
\fIvalidity_days\fP the number of days the certificate in the keystore will be valid. A value <= 0 will result in the default (30) being used. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 on success, -1 on failure 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 249 of file ccn_keystore.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_load_or_create_key(), ccnd_init_internal_keystore(), ccnr_init_repo_keystore(), and main().
.SS "int ccn_keystore_init (struct ccn_keystore * p, char * filename, char * password)"
.PP
Definition at line 108 of file ccn_keystore.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_load_signing_key(), and main().
.SS "struct ccn_pkey* ccn_keystore_key (struct ccn_keystore * p)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 162 of file ccn_keystore.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_keystore_private_key(), ccn_locate_key(), ccn_sign_content(), and main().
.SS "const unsigned char* ccn_keystore_key_digest (struct ccn_keystore * p)"
.PP
Definition at line 194 of file ccn_keystore.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_get_public_key(), ccn_keystore_public_key_digest(), ccn_load_signing_key(), ccn_sign_content(), and main().
.SS "ssize_t ccn_keystore_key_digest_length (struct ccn_keystore * p)"
.PP
Definition at line 188 of file ccn_keystore.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_get_public_key(), ccn_keystore_public_key_digest_length(), ccn_load_signing_key(), ccn_sign_content(), and main().
.SS "struct ccn_pkey* ccn_keystore_private_key (struct ccn_keystore * p)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Deprecated in favor of ccn_keystore_key. 
.PP
Definition at line 399 of file ccn_keystore.c.
.SS "struct ccn_pkey* ccn_keystore_public_key (struct ccn_keystore * p)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 171 of file ccn_keystore.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_get_public_key(), ccn_sign_content(), and main().
.SS "const unsigned char* ccn_keystore_public_key_digest (struct ccn_keystore * p)"
.PP
Deprecated in favor of ccn_keystore_key_digest. 
.PP
Definition at line 416 of file ccn_keystore.c.
.SS "ssize_t ccn_keystore_public_key_digest_length (struct ccn_keystore * p)"
.PP
Deprecated in favor of ccn_keystore_digest_length. 
.PP
Definition at line 407 of file ccn_keystore.c.
.SS "static const char* ccn_pkcs12_digest_algorithm (struct ccn_keystore * p)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 65 of file ccn_keystore.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_keystore_create().
.SS "static void ccn_pkcs12_keystore_destroy (struct ccn_keystore ** p)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 71 of file ccn_keystore.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_keystore_create().
.SS "static struct ccn_pkey* ccn_pkcs12_private_key (struct ccn_keystore * p)\fC [static, read]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 59 of file ccn_keystore.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_keystore_create().
.SS "static const unsigned char* ccn_pkcs12_public_key_digest (struct ccn_keystore * p)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 53 of file ccn_keystore.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_keystore_create().
.SS "static ssize_t ccn_pkcs12_public_key_digest_length (struct ccn_keystore * p)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file ccn_keystore.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_keystore_create().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
